Hi, Arnav.
Yeah, Arnav, how are you?
Doing well. Sorry for the late. The internet was not working because of the rain, but then I have connected from my mobile. Yeah.
Yeah, so the secret introduction. I've been in the executive search for many years.
I did this role. I was with Michael Page. I was building the engineering manufacturing business from scratch.
My parents are leading the research at Arxena here. We're working primarily with family run companies and we hired in the manufacturing manufacturing companies and family run businesses.
This is the broad stream of the clients that I work with.
I'm currently working for an electrical goods product space and what we have is basically an old company. It's a 40-year-old business.
The third generation is working on the business now. Basically, it's a listed company. They're basically set up by the grandfather of the company.
Yeah, so I have a long relationship with them, nearly two years. Last year, I placed as CEO. Right now, I'm hiring a head of marketing for them.
And now the thing is, the founder, the promoters are sort of new, the guys from Oxford and studied in the US and UIUC.
So he wants to sort of bring on a very tech savvy run to his sales and marketing.
And that's primarily the objective here.
So what I'm trying to get out of here is get a sense of your background and your interest areas.
What is it that you are interested in and get a bit of grip on what your experience has been.
I'm actually, I got a CV, I have it in front of me right now.
Right, right, sure.
So I'm curious, especially around your role at Keelah Clouds and you can take more on the Keelah Clouds and probably a little bit of insulin as well.
What is your focus areas? What challenges have you faced in your role?
How have you been driving marketing? What has been the budgets that you've been pushing?
What has been the outcomes that you're trying to get at?
And I kind of rather want to hear the real integrity of things.
I think like Keenon understand me.
Actually, what challenges do you face?
A little bit more around what happens.
Give me a sense of both these roles a little bit.
That will be useful for me.
Yeah, sure, sure.
So I also wanted to check, like, this is a great company.
Like, are you comfortable in sharing the need?
It's actually a replacement role.
And basically, we have an incumbent.
We're not letting him out at the moment.
We will have four or five candidates who we take to the next round.
At which point, we will dismiss the name.
Like, I will take your work here. I will ask you a series of questions.
Get down.
Yeah, he meant like, what is the company name? What is this manufacturing name?
I cannot disclose that at this stage because it's a confidential search.
We have an incumbent already in the role. It's a replacement role.
Okay, understood.
It's a replacement role.
We have four or five candidates who we bring on to the next round and I'll take you through all of the details.
I want to have a mutual fit right now.
Okay.
And what my client is expecting.
Like,
I think that is what will give me a little bit more substance to go up to the client.
He's worked on his tools. He's brought from my sleep.
He's converted to this.
And once that moves forward, then when we come to meet you, really,
I think you'll have a full rundown on the business, what their plans are,
how they're getting where they are, what are they going to do in the next six years.
I'll take you through all of that.
We'll just give that a little bit more time.
But I need to get a little bit of matching here whether this works or not.
Okay, okay. Yeah, totally get it.
So, you know, like, so let me briefly introduce myself.
So, talking about my work experience, I started back in 2009.
Just one second. We have 20 minutes.
So, let's break it up real quick.
We'll focus on, I have your CV, so don't worry about a lot of introduction because I have your CV in front of me.
I've seen your education.
We are most the same age as mine.
We did 2.6 million.
So, I kind of get that.
Kind of get that.
Give me a little bit more.
What is not on the CV?
Which album is your first?
I think that's more interesting.
Sure, sure.
So, let me give you, give me an example about the current organization that is Akhila Cloud.
Akhila Cloud is into AI and they have like two products which is like Phenops and Blobs,
which is like meant for the large enterprise.
So, talking about the challenges, it's a startup firm, right?
And they are like already funded.
And for this year, they were trying to get another investment wherein they were not able to secure.
So, they were like very restricted in terms of marketing budget, right?
And like any other company and since the nature of the company startup, so everyone wants to grow.
So, the focus was like more towards the growth marketing rather than doing a lot of branding
and, you know, a typical marketing kind of work.
But then they wanted someone who can move the needle in terms of the growth marketing or the revenue marketing.
And at Akhila Cloud, I'm like, I'm working as an individual contributor.
So, do not have any team.
So, it's like me doing the execution and at the same time coming up with the strategies.
So, the challenges, of course, it was like the manpower as compared to my, the previous company wherein I was like
handling and managing team of around 40 people, right?
And then this company working as an individual contributor and the goal is the same.
Like both the company, it's about the revenue, like every company has a goal.
So, this company has a goal of making like around 50 million this year, this financial year.
Since it's a US-based company, the financial year starts from January to December.
And so, the challenges was like I was not very much, I was like very limited on organic marketing
rather than going with the paid.
Because if you go with the paid advertising, be it like the Google ads, LinkedIn ads or be it like the offline advertising,
the investment is very huge.
So, here since I had like this years of experience, so I knew like what are the channel that I could go, you know,
that can be used for a lead generation.
And so, I went with the marketing automation and the other channel was the LinkedIn.
Let me pause you.
You were reporting to...
I was reporting to...
So, they are like two founding members.
One is CEO, Sochit Kaurra.
And the other one is Chan, who is chip product officer.
So, both are based in California.
Okay.
And the structure is that you are the head of marketing and you are the IC role.
Yes.
There is a separate head of sales.
Yes.
Head of sales team.
That's two person only.
It's very small company.
How many people in the company?
It's like around total strength would be like around 45 to 50 people.
Okay, fine.
Majority like in Pune itself, they have like around 15 to 20 people in development for this product.
And the sales team for India, they have like two.
For US, they have like around two, two person.
And even like the co-founders, they also contribute in this instance.
They have like all of this huge network.
They come from a good background like from ORAC, CFE and all those things.
And we are like tied up.
We are working with Vipro, Hitachi, CFE, Mothersons,
so we are doing co-marketing with them for the leads.
So, yeah.
You got it.
So, coming back, what is the budgets that you are working on?
So, the budget as of now only for this Akila cloud.
Like I mentioned, they didn't have any budget,
but then the spend that we were making was like around $1,000 per month.
So, this word like the CRM and the marketing automation tools.
So, it was like only tool that wherein we were like spending around $1,000.
But then with this limited spend because I did a lot of research
and came up with the platform.
I was like able to generate say like around 15 to 20 leads.
When I say leads, so these are like the marketing qualified leads.
The one who are like very much interested in to see the demo of our products.
And then we have a real life cycle.
So, from the demo, it goes to the SQL and then the POC,
then there is a negotiation and then the closure.
Coming to the numbers, I'll straightforward tell you the numbers of the closure.
So, like I mentioned, the company had a call of achieving like 15 million this financial year.
And out of that for marketing, we had like around $500,000.
So, out of $500,000, I was like able to achieve $288,000 like directly from the marketing.
No involvement of sales and everything.
So, I was like taking care of each and everything.
And that is like only through the organic marketing without spending much of the fund.
Like max, it was like $1,000.
And the revenue, the ticket size is very huge.
So, for you, the number might look very small, but then the ticket size,
it's like somewhere like around $70,000.
One of the deal it was like around $3 million.
And the contract and it's like ARR.
It's an annual recurring revenue.
So, and typically the company goes with minimum one years of contract or it could be three years or five years of contract.
So, yeah, so that's like in terms of directly, I gave you the number of the closures.
Because at the end, the company would be looking like what is the closure that you have made for the company.
So, let me understand.
Yeah, yes.
Yeah.
No, this the current year and the last year, so this I'm talking about the current year.
Last year.
I mean, I'm just trying to understand the panel.
Yeah, not really.
I'm not thinking about the business as much, but I want to just get the panel in my mind.
Structure.
So, I'll give you the MQL number, but then I'll tell you.
So, the tool that we were using Apollo, it had CRM and marketing automations.
And for scheduling the call, we were using Calendly.
Okay, so this are three tools.
So with Apollo, I had a, so I have a person who does the data mining.
So we put in like around 65,000 of data mining every month, 65,000 new contacts.
Okay, based on that, we were like doing email marketing, the marketing automation strategy, what I do is like slightly different.
So it's like around five to six lack of email sense per month.
All right, so after this, after this activity, I'm talking about now the leads.
So the leads that we were getting was like around 70, the last month what I saw was like around 75.
As an average, it could be like 70 to 80 leads per month.
This is from your email marketing only.
Only, yes, yes.
Okay, so from that raw lead, I was like able to get 20 as an MQL.
The one who was like very much interested, like they have already booked the meeting.
Now we have to give the demo of the product, right?
So out of 20 leads, and this are like very high ticket sizes, the large enterprise company that we are targeting.
So like TCS, like top 10 MNC companies, the companies of Fortune 500 companies and all those things, right?
So the pipeline that we have generated is like around, it could be like around seven millions of the pipeline,
the opportunity that we have generated.
So this is only email marketing.
Opportunity, yes.
From the industry, eventually what you said, you converted $28,000.
$28,000 annual recurring revenue.
If you converted it, correct.
All right, yes, yes.
So seven million is three years.
Seven million is one year.
Six months, six months.
Understood, understood.
Basically, do you have in other sources, like your forms inbound, that is separate revenue.
This is not what you're talking about.
All right, right, yes.
So what does this get across?
Sorry?
Inbound leads and your outbound leads.
These are like all inbound leads.
So we are like reaching out over the LinkedIn and email marketing and we are like,
so those are the people who are interested in scheduling a call with us for the demo of the product.
I'm just giving an example of this company.
My experience is totally different with people in unified communication because over there, it's a pretty big company.
Didn't have any.
So I was working as a head of marketing reporting to the co-founder Amit Chaudhary, CEO and the co-founder.
They are the company, they have presence in all major cities in India.
They have offices in the US and for Middle East, Saudi Arabia and Dubai.
They have presence in Australia, New Zealand and Africa region.
So I was like doing the global marketing over there.
There was no restriction.
The company was about to get into the IPO.
So we were doing like an entire N2 and 360 degree of marketing, which includes everything, not only limited to digital marketing, but also offline marketing.
So we were doing events like we were, we have participated into Gitex, Infocom, which is like the Asia largest, the event that it happened.
Can we just flip like your channels and percent of leads coming from these channels and you spend on each of these channels?
Okay. So for people link, I would say around $80,000 as an average $80,000.
We were like spending only on advertising, which includes Google ads, LinkedIn ads, Bing ads, video ads.
Monthly.
Yeah.
So all of this.
Monthly.
Yeah.
Monthly, right?
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Monthly.
Is it okay if I share my screen?
It's like already documented, I have my experience.
You can just verbally share and you might not get a chance to show it.
So it is important for you to just give it to me verbally.
Okay.
So, I will tell you all of it, we were spending around, initially we started with $20,000
$20,000 and then looking at the performance, we then had this consistent of the spend that is $80,000 as an average.
Sometime it was like $90,000, $70,000.
But this is just ads, right?
It's just ads.
All different kinds of advertising, yes.
Online advertising.
Google ads, LinkedIn ads.
Total marketing spend.
So this was $80,000 and they were like another somewhere like around
maybe like around four to five CR or only for the events that we were spending.
Since they were like into electronics, they were like into video conferencing.
They have like.
Half a million.
This is like annual.
Yes.
Almost a million year spending on digital.
Right.
Less than 750K, 800K.
Monthly, 80,000.
Right.
Yes.
Almost a million year and half a million.
So your events.
10 crore.
Your total marketing spend.
Tell us about the split across channels.
How many leads did you get on this channel?
What was your spend?
Two channel.
Like they were like a lot of channel may directly up go directly.
I'm telling you instead of going in more detail.
So they were like two channel.
One is like the event and the other one was the advertising, the paid advertising.
Again, paid advertising.
If I have to be very specific, it was like the Google ads.
And if I have to talk to the target market.
So we were like targeting Middle East, North America and India.
Maximum of the lead was coming from the India.
Okay.
Okay.
And what is the length of your sales cycle?
What is the length of the previous sales cycle?
Akhila Cloud's sales cycle is a bit long.
As an average, it's like six months.
And I think it's three months.
And what is the ACV?
Sorry.
ACV means?
ACV.
I know.
It depends because they have like around more than 65 categories in electronics.
They have like webcam interactive display.
So just like interactive display,
it starts from 5 lakh onwards.
Or those cool colleges and universities.
So it goes in bulk.
It could be like around 20CR, 30CR.
They are like very huge.
So they have like presence in government.
All major universities, school, colleges, hospitals.
We have worked with very well known this thing from education sectors, hospitals.
It's a bigger ACV and a less smaller sales cycle.
Yes.
Yes.
Because they are.
You told me, who were the people below you?
They were like around team size.
It was like around 35 to 40 people.
Like in talking about, so I had a manager.
I had a PPC manager.
I had a content manager.
I had a creative manager.
I had an insult sales team.
Insult sales head.
They were like around four managers.
Or they were like the branches.
Like for example, creative head, creative manager.
Under him, I had like around six to seven graphic designers and animators.
Because it was like product.
So we had to create a walkthrough of the entire product, unboxing of the product.
And you can also find it on LinkedIn official channel.
A lot of videos are there of events or products or anything.
Yeah.
It's a OEM.
It's a manufacturer of video equipments, video conferencing equipments.
And they are like very well known.
It's comparable to Logitech.
Insights team was how big content was how big?
So the biggest team was into Insights sales team.
Maybe like around 15 people.
And the graphic designer, as I mentioned, it was like around six people working in, as I remember.
And SEO, I had three off page and maybe like two on page who does the technical work.
Social media was handled by the content writer itself.
So we had like three content writers.
And yeah, on PPC advertiser, we had like two people doing PPC.
And it was like, so I actually hired someone who has like experience throughout their career
with that specific role, with that specific vertical.
So like for example, PPC, I had only that candidate who has experience from start of his career.
So I was like able to find such candidate and then it was working very well.
You have spent 10 crore that includes the salaries or no?
No, no, no.
That's like separate.
Okay.
What is your current CTC?
Current CTC is 38 LPA.
We're in 34 LPS fix, 4 LPS bonus when I get at the end of the year.
In addition to LPA, there is a 5% of incentives.
Why are you looking out now?
Sorry, why are you looking out?
So like initially, I don't know, like I mentioned Akila Cloud as a startup firm,
I can disclose the name of the investor.
It's India Accelerator and they were like also securing the another.
I'm not sure about the exact value.
It is also published on PR.
I only have done the PR of the investment, but then they haven't disclosed the amount,
but then I got to know like the amount what they have reserved is very less.
That's like out of 100% could be like 2% of investment what they have got in terms of funding.
So when you have all of those news, there is always a fear right in terms of stability.
So because of that, I started exploring and then I got this opportunity.
Like on 1st June, I got the confirmation from this another company.
I can also, if you want to disclose the name, it's hats of digital, the name of that company.
If you already have a loan, when are you joining them?
It was supposed to be on 8th July, but then now it will be like 3rd August,
because they are like moving from old office to new office.
So they are like doing all those interior work and all those things.
So it will be completed at the end of this month.
So the joining would be 3rd August.
This is Pune based on you.
Yes, I am like born and brought up in Pune.
What are your thoughts about relocation to Bombay?
Bombay totally fine like my brother.
He works as a second officer in Merchant Navy.
He is at Poway.
His company is also in the same location at Hiranandani Poway.
The name of the company is Scorpio.
My wife, she is from Bombay.
I have cousins working in SBI, they are like spread out in Bombay.
Your wife is in Bombay?
She is from Bombay.
Yes, yes.
My other call has started.
Let me chat with you soon.
Let me write back to you.
I have a chat with my client.
I know you are on a short note.
Let me come back to you.
I will come back to you soon.
Thank you.
Bye.
